docs: update software practices (#99)
AllenNeuralDynamics/scicomp-docs: docs/source/policies_practices/software_practices.md

- Package management should be handled by [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/).
- All software must adhere to [PEP 8](https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/) standards with [docstrings](https://peps.python.org/pep-0257/) in [NUMPY](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html) format. Line lengths should have a maximum of **100** characters.
- We use [ruff](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/) to enforce these standards. We modify the default settings of ruff in the following ways:
  - We explicitly [override ruff's default line length via pyproject.toml](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/settings/#__tabbed_13_1)
  - Functions to be annotated with [type hints](https://peps.python.org/pep-0484/).

- Use `ruff check` and `ruff check --fix` to run ruff. [ruff-pre-commit](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff-pre-commit) can be used to run ruff automatically via pre-commit hooks. 

- Unit tests should use [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/). Coverage should be at 100%. Tests should be run before merging pull requests into `main` and `dev`.

- GitHub automation should use the AIND [reusable workflows](https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/.github/tree/main/.github/workflows).

> - Packages should use [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) with [mkdocstrings](https://mkdocstrings.github.io/) hosted through [Read the Docs](https://docs.readthedocs.com/platform/stable/index.html). Source code for the documents should be in a root level docs/ folder and examples should be in an examples/ folder.

Reviewer: Rather than using the word "Packages" maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Project documentation should be generated using [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) with [mkdocstrings](https://mkdocstrings.github.io/) hosted through [Read the Docs](https://docs.readthedocs.com/platform/stable/index.html). Source code for the documentation should be in a root level docs/ folder and examples should be in an examples/ folder.
```

- Packages should use [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) with [mkdocstrings](https://mkdocstrings.github.io/) hosted through [Read the Docs](https://docs.readthedocs.com/platform/stable/index.html). Source code for the documents should be in a root level docs/ folder and examples should be in an examples/ folder.

#### Recommended

- Functions should not exceed a complexity of 10 paths.
- Functions should [return early](https://medium.com/swlh/return-early-pattern-3d18a41bba8) / [fail fast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fail-fast_system).
- Code should be capable of being analyzed by static analysis tools.
- Modules (<1000 lines), classes, and functions (<100 lines) should be manageable size.
- Internal packages should use the naming pattern `<modality>-<process>` wherever possible.
- Packages should not be prefixed with our namespace (i.e. do not put `aind-` as a prefix).
- Internal dependencies should be pinned `==1.0.0` or use *both* a version floor and ceiling `>=1.0.0,<2`. 
- Unit tests should clean up test files or write to temporary folders. Do not version auto-generated code or data in repositories.

> - TBD: Services should use structured logging using AIND standard format.

Reviewer: Should we consider removing the TBD point about the AIND standard logging format until this is in a more mature state?

Reviewer 2: I think we meant the TBD flags to mean we wanted it to be discussed wednesday w/ managers, not that we wanted to discuss it more amongst ourselves, so I think we want to leave it?

- `main` and `dev` branches must be protected and require at least 1 review approval before merging.
- TBD: character limit in branch names, whether to require category prefixes or not

### Semantic Versioning

- Releases should follow [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) with `major.minor.patch` versions.
- Use [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary) to determine semantic versioning for packages manually or via automated GitHub actions on protected branches, for example: 

| Prefix | Commit message | Update |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `<any>:` | | patch |
| `feat:` | | minor |
| `feat!:` or `fix!:` | Include `BREAKING CHANGE` and details | major |

### Releases
Packages should use [Github Releases](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases) as their primary method of releasing. Packages that have general use externally should be published to [pypi](https://pypi.org/), Packages that are primarily for internal use should be installed directly via github releases.

```bash

> uv add git+https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-data-schema.git@v2.6.0

Reviewer: flagging that we need to see if there is a shorter way to do this

Reviewer 2: I tried, didn't find a shorter way. I do like it a lot though, although I think you can only pin versions you can't do >= < tricks?
